add guide to troubleshoot missing events (#6456)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/product-analytics/troubleshooting.mdx

---
title: Troubleshooting and FAQs
---

> 
> Having trouble with events? There are a few common reasons that you may not see events appear in your project.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Why are events not appearing in my project?

There are a few common reasons that you may not see events appear in your project:

```

> ### 1. The library is being used incorrectly. (this is usually the issue)

Author: yep. let me adjust that

> 

Reviewer: It would be good to have some sort of introduction here describing what we'll do to debug:

e.g., "It's possible that you have PostHog is not initializing correctly due to misconfiguration (or whatever the reason is?). To debug if this is the case, we'll do xyz"

> > Warning: Make sure to not use sensitive data while debugging using third-party tools.

Reviewer: 👍🏼

1. Visit [webhook.site](https://webhook.site/) and copy “Your unique URL”.

> 2. Inside your code replace [posthog.com](https://app.posthog.com) (or [eu.posthog.com](https://eu.posthog.com) if using the EU Cloud) with “Your unique URL”.

Reviewer: let's include code snippets for this

Reviewer: Maybe something like this:
```suggestion
2. In your PostHog [initialization code](https://posthog.com/docs/product-analytics/installation), replace "https://app.posthog.com" or "https://eu.posthog.com" if using the EU Cloud) with the URL you copied from webhook.site. For example:
```

And then perhaps just include a few code snippets, maybe just web, node, and ruby (I wouldnt include the js-snippet)

<MultiLanguage>

```js-web
posthog.init('<ph_project_api_key>', { api_host: 'https://webhook.site/xxx-yyy-zzz }) // Replace with the URL you copied from webhook.site
```

```node
// node code
```

```ruby
// ruby code
```

</MultiLanguage>

Author: added snippets: 
![Screenshot 2023-08-09 at 12 24 24](https://github.com/PostHog/posthog.com/assets/13001502/60926eef-1c8b-4fc2-b901-cac3e03ae092)

3. Make sure that the SDK sends a couple of events.

> 4. See if the incoming events arrive as expected.

Reviewer: What's next if this is the problem? How do I solve the issue?

![Events visible on webhook.site](../../images/docs/product-analytics/events-in-webhook.site.png)

### 2. There is a bug within the library being used.

#### Front-end libraries

> 1. Open the devtools and switch to the network tab.

Reviewer: This is only for the JavaScript web library right? (Front-end technically includes iOS, Android, React Native, and Flutter)

Author: right, ios, android, react native, and flutter should use the wireshark approach
let me correct that

Author: changed wording to web / other

> 2. Look for the request to app.posthog.com/e (or eu.posthog.com/e if using the EU Cloud) that appears to be incorrect.

Reviewer: what does "appears to be incorrect" mean?

![network request being sent to posthog](../../images/docs/product-analytics/network-request-to-posthog.png)

3. See how to [Report your specific issue](/docs/product-analytics/troubleshooting#report-your-specific-issue) to get further support.

#### Backend libraries
See the respective debugging guides, e.g. [Node.js debugging](https://posthog.com/docs/libraries/node#debugging-and-exceptions).

### 3. Events are not ingested after being received by PostHog.

> 

Reviewer: Same as others: introduction :)

#### Front-end libraries
1. Open the devtools and switch to the network tab.
2. Right click one of the network requests to posthog.com/e (or eu.posthog.com/e if using the EU Cloud) and select Copy -> Copy as cURL.
3. Format the request as specified in [Report your specific issue](/docs/product-analytics/troubleshooting#report-your-specific-issue)
4. Try to send the cURL directly.
5. Wait 1 hour and check if the event is still not visible in PostHog. Also make sure PostHog cloud is not experiencing an [active incident](https://status.posthog.com) as that could cause an ingestion lag.
6. See how to [Report your specific issue](/docs/product-analytics/troubleshooting#report-your-specific-issue) to get further support.

#### Backend libraries

> 1. Track your outgoing network requests using something like [Wireshark](https://www.wireshark.org/).

Reviewer: Let's include the motivation of why we want to do this. What are we checking for?

> 2. Follow the 3. step from the Front-end section.

Reviewer: Easier to just include that here:
```suggestion
2. Format the request as specified in [Report your specific issue](/docs/product-analytics/troubleshooting#report-your-specific-issue)
```

Author: added the other steps too

## Report your specific issue

> 

Reviewer: Again, it would be nice to have a short paragraph describing what we'll be doing in the steps below and the goal of it. 

e.g., If none of the above fixes solved your problem, you can report your issue. Be sure to include the cURL command etc..

---
title: Troubleshooting and FAQs
---

Having trouble with events? There are a few common reasons that you may not see events appear in your project.

### 1. The library is being used incorrectly. (this is usually the issue)

1. Visit [webhook.site](https://webhook.site/) and copy “Your unique URL”.
2. Replace [posthog.com](https://app.posthog.com) (or [eu.posthog.com](https://eu.posthog.com) if using the EU Cloud) with “Your unique URL”.
3. Make sure that the SDK sends a couple of events.
4. See if the incoming events arrive as expected.

### 2. There is a bug within the library being used.

#### Front-end libraries
1. Open the devtools and switch to the network tab.
2. Look for the request that appears to be incorrect.
3. See how to [Report your specific issue](/docs/product-analytics/troubleshooting#report-your-specific-issue) to get further support.

> For backend libarries see the respective debugging guide [Node.js debugging](https://posthog.com/docs/libraries/node#debugging-and-exceptions)

Reviewer 2: typo ^

> For backend libarries see the respective debugging guide [Node.js debugging](https://posthog.com/docs/libraries/node#debugging-and-exceptions)

Author: has already been fixed

### 3. Events are not ingested after being received by PostHog.

> 1. Open the devtools and switch to the network tab.

Reviewer 2: you can say something vague about this - track your outgoing network requests e.g. via ...
https://chat.openai.com/share/0a9cc9bb-70cc-47e7-a2af-0fedf9c6ba2f

---
title: Troubleshooting and FAQs
---

Having trouble with events? There are a few common reasons that you may not see events appear in your project.

### 1. The library is being used incorrectly. (this is usually the issue)

> 1. Visit [webhook.site](https://webhook.site/) and copy “Your unique URL”.

Reviewer 2: Maybe mention - careful with any sensitive data 🤷‍♀️

Author: ![Screenshot 2023-08-08 at 15 50 40@2x](https://github.com/PostHog/posthog.com/assets/13001502/afd67a6b-d2c3-4897-9ce3-05f3a8560549)

2. Inside your code replace [posthog.com](https://app.posthog.com) (or [eu.posthog.com](https://eu.posthog.com) if using the EU Cloud) with “Your unique URL”.
3. Make sure that the SDK sends a couple of events.
4. See if the incoming events arrive as expected.

![Events visible on webhook.site](../../images/docs/product-analytics/events-in-webhook.site.png)

### 2. There is a bug within the library being used.

#### Front-end libraries
1. Open the devtools and switch to the network tab.
2. Look for the request that appears to be incorrect.

![network request being sent to posthog](../../images/docs/product-analytics/network-request-to-posthog.png)

3. See how to [Report your specific issue](/docs/product-analytics/troubleshooting#report-your-specific-issue) to get further support.

> For backend libraries see the respective debugging guides, e.g. [Node.js debugging](https://posthog.com/docs/libraries/node#debugging-and-exceptions).

Reviewer 2: nit: for easier readability - looked like it belonged to frontend otherwise
```suggestion
#### Backend libraries
See the respective debugging guides, e.g. [Node.js debugging](https://posthog.com/docs/libraries/node#debugging-and-exceptions).
```

### 3. Events are not ingested after being received by PostHog.

#### Front-end libraries
1. Open the devtools and switch to the network tab.

> 2. Right click one of the network requests to posthog.com (or eu.posthog.com if using the EU Cloud) and select Copy -> Copy as cURL.

Reviewer 2: we should probably make sure they pick an event to /e not to /s as I don't know what to do with the latter

3. Format the request as specified in [Report your specific issue](/docs/product-analytics/troubleshooting#report-your-specific-issue)
4. Try to send the cURL directly.

> 5. Wait 1 hour and check if the event is still not visible in PostHog. Also make sure your cloud is not experiencing an [active incident](https://status.posthog.com) as that could cause an ingestion lag.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Wait 1 hour and check if the event is still not visible in PostHog. Also make sure PostHog cloud is not experiencing an [active incident](https://status.posthog.com) as that could cause an ingestion lag.
```

6. See how to [Report your specific issue](/docs/product-analytics/troubleshooting#report-your-specific-issue) to get further support.

> For backend libraries track your outgoing network requests using something like [Wireshark](https://www.wireshark.org/).

Reviewer 2: ditto looks to be under frontend libs 🤷‍♀️ 

Say follow steps similar to front-end libs above
